Star Wars universe that we see in solo
it was different from anything else that
we've seen in a previous Star Wars
movies the Empire controls everything
everyone is struggling to survive but we
discover this incredibly free spirit
we're meeting Han right before he
becomes the Han that we know
you end up getting to see how this guy
got to be the way he is
it's all part of this great expansion of
the Han Solo world it's a rite of
passage he looked at the tests needs to
face the challenges he asked to endure
to become unsold
those first encounters with Chewbacca
you're gonna because I say that every
time with the Millennium Falcon
with Lando Calrissian did you win your
ship playing cards I like this kid there
in this movie I'm a driver a great pilot
he's the most exciting character in the
saga for me you don't know what he's
gonna do I'm a terrible person he's
reckless because these stupid things
that should never work
[Music]
and they do he doesn't was provided
that might be the only person who knows
what you really are what's her
[Music]